Hello and welcome to the second issue of the monthly Wizard Fella Islands newsletter!!!
It was a short month, however I still got some new things to show you!

*BIG DREAMS
Since last month I've been working on the first part of this Island and now I can proudly say it's done!

IMG1
IMG2
IMG3

Besides making assets to replace the grey boxes, I've also done a few playtests that helped me find bugs and issues of the original layout
The next part of this Island is supposed to be a challenge, where you have to complete it under a certain time. 
I will try to work on this next part over the following month.


*CONTROLLER SUPPORT
The game is now fully playable with a controller* 
[CONTROLLER PHONE GIF]
Yes I don't have a real controller to test this with but if this works then the real thing HAS to work.

In addition, I made dynamic Action Prompts which display the key for an action based on your current device (Thanks to @KenneyNL for the icons!)
[PROMPTS GIF]
While on the topic of inputs, I'd like to add the ability to remap actions at some point but that might just have to wait until...

THE DIARY
I said last month that I'd work on the Diary and I did. However it has proved to be quite a challenge.
You see, in the previous game the diary was just a 2d UI element, but this time I want it to be a 3d model because it looks cooler.
But that means I have to put interactive 2d pages on a 3d model and then put that 3d model over the screen. Which turns out to be quite convoluted.

Here you can see a very rough proof of concept I did for the diary, so hopefully I can finish it by next month.


*MINOR CHANGES

DIALOGUE
I found a way to overcome the problems I mentioned in the last issue so I added three new BBCode effects

Rainbow
[Rainbow GIF]


Wave
[Wave GIF]

Action Prompt
[Action GIF]


WATER
Water now has an underwater effect that gets applied to the screen
[WATER GIF]

SAVING
There is now a way to save and load data in the game.
[THING FOUND AGAIN]
[SAVE FILE FROM INSIDE]
It's probably something that will receive small changes as I find out new things that need to be saved.
Also there is no settings yet so that might be something I'll work on next month.

And that's it for now! I didn't find a place to put this, but I'd also like to work on more interesting props next month (like the cannons or bounce pads) because I think that will be necessary for making interesting levels.
Thank you for reading and until next time!!!
P.S.: Let me know if you'd like to hear about more in-progress things like The Diary 
