Welcome back to the Wizard Fella newsletter! This is the fifth(5)(V) issue.
There's a bunch of new stuff so here we go

-BIG DREAMS : PART 2
Last month I finished the graybox of this level and this month it is fully ready!

[BIG DREAMS PART 2 IMG 1]
[BIG DREAMS PART 2 IMG 2]
[BIG DREAMS PART 2 IMG 3]

The biggest modification from the graybox (besides assets) was that I included some signs that explain the new props that you encounter.
Overall I'm really proud of how this level turned out both visually and gameplay wise.
I have also begun work on Part 3, however I've decided to not reveal much about it since it's something thats probably better experienced blindly :)

[BIG DREAMS PART 3 LOSE WAND GIF]

-GRABBABLES

Grabbables are a new type of object that you can... grab.
[GRABBABLES IN ACTION GIF]
You can also throw them by pressing E, or hold it to throw them further!
A little cool technical thing is that I can modify the arm distance for each grabbable, so that arms adjust for bigger/smaller objects.
[GRABBING SMALL AND THEN BIG OBJECT GIF]

-BUTTONS

Buttons are a new prop that could be used for puzzles and stuff.
[BUTTONS IN ACTION GIF]
As seen above, they can be grouped together to create a circuit.
I can also set them to accept only the player or only grabbables or both!
They also can be configured into a switch or a timer!
[BUTTON TIMER AND BUTTON SWITCH GIF]
Since buttons work using Godot's signal system I can pretty much connect them to anything so I'm already thinking of some interesting puzzle ideas.

-HEALTH STUFF

This is something that I've ignored for a while but there's finally UI to display your health
[HEART GIF]
I've also added a heal item, a nice red apple
[APPLE GIF]
I'm still not sure if apples will stay as the general heal item but it's fine for now


-MINOR CHANGES

Focus Points
Focus points have been modified to have priority. Focus points with bigger priority will be activated even if a smaller priority is closer to the player.
I'll be using this so that NPC's have bigger priority than something like Grabbables.
[FOCUS POINT HOG GIF]

Star Checkpoints
Up until now there was no real checkpoints in the game. It just saved your position every 10 seconds. 
While I did like the auto save it often led to issues and I feel like players were just unsure where they would respawn.
I added Star Checkpoints which light up once they are active and save your position.
[STAR CHECKPOINT GIF]

Slipping
This month I introduced slipping. The player will slip if the floor below is above 45 degrees.
If you're idle this will mean you will just start sliding down but if you're running your speed will keep getting slower and slower until you eventually enter a Slide.
[SLIPPING GIF]


This month I finally worked on some things that I've had on the todo list for a while so I'm pretty happy
For this next month the priority is to keep working on Part 3 but maybe I could also start working on the next island, Maple Isle
Ok that's all for now, see you next month and thanks for reading this newsletter once again!


-SECRET
Here's a bit of music from Part 3 but don't tell anyone
[Part 3 music tease]