Hello again to welcome to the third issue of the Wizard Fella Islands newsletter!!!
There's a bunch of new things to show so I'll get straight into it

-BIG DREAMS : PART 2
I will start out with Big Dreams as usual, however in comparising to last month this one might be dissapointing 
As mentioned in the last issue, the second part is a level where you have a limited amount of time to complete it
Here is how it looks like so far...
[SMALL DREAMS IMG]
[SPACE]
[THERE IS NO WAY THATS IT IMG]
Sadly that is actually it for the level because I spent time on other things instead
I did make an intro for it though
[INTRO GIF]
Over the next month I want to actually commit to working on the layout of this part instead of making more features.
And speaking of features here's...

-TIMER
I made a timer dispay specifically for the Big Dreams part 2, but I can already think of a few more uses for it
[TIMER GIF]
If changes color and cracks at 50% and 20% to hopefully make you more aware that time is running out

-DIARY
Probably the most exciting thing I worked on this month is The Diary. After first mentioning it in the first issue it is now done*
[DIARY GIF]
The Diary serves as the pause and settings menu but also as a way for you to check your progress
[DIARY RENDER IMG]
It will update as you play through the game with new pages for the places you visit and thingys you find!
A thing I think deserves a mention is that The Diary is navigatable with a controller aswell which doesnt't sound like a huge achievement but I did have to change a lot of stuff for it to work.

*When I say done I mean that most features are made for it and all that's left is to fill it with content :)
oh and also i need to make the "remap controls" button do something

-STARS
Stars are collectibles similar to coins in most other games and will be spendable on things like cosmetics
[STARS GIF]
I think they can also help with level design by making paths out of them (I probably heard this in some video 3 years ago)

-MOVING PLATFORMS
Moving Platforms just move based on the specified path, could be used for some fun challenges
[MOVING PLATFORMS GIF]


-CHARGE PADS
Charge Pads are a new prop very similar to normal Bounce Pads
[CHarge PAds GIF]
Unlike bounce pads though, you need to stand on them for a bit and it will launch you based on your position from the center of the pad
They do feel a little unintuitive right now, so I'll try to think of ways to improve on them

-MINOR CHANGES

Dialogue

Choices
There is now finally the option to have dialogue choices
[CHOICES GIF]
It's something that I've put off for a while but finally decided to make because I realised that it was needed for Big Dreams part 2
	

Multiple Character Support
Up until now, dialogue was only ever betweeen two characters, one of which would be the player. 
But now I can make dialogue with as many characters as I want.
[CHARACTERS GIF]
I think this will be pretty useful for making some fun dialogue in the game

UI

Level Info
The Level Info displays the name of the island you are, name of the part and number of the part
[LEVEL INFO GIF]
These are already used in Big Dreams and make the game feel more polished/finished/cool

Cinematic Bars
These are just black bars that appear during dialogues and cutscenes
[BARS IN PIC] 
Like the Level Info these just make the game feel more polished


That's it for this month! Hopefully I will have a bunch more stuff to show next month but I might be a bit busy with studying.
Thank you for reading and until next time!!!
